DM-40889: Rework and document 1Password Connect (#2586)
lsst-sqre/phalanx: docs/applications/onepassword-connect/add-new-connect-server.rst

##################################
Add a new 1Password Connect server
##################################

> This document describes how to set up a new 1Password Connect server.
> 
> This is normally not required for SQuaRE-run environments, since all SQuaRE-run environments use the two already-existing 1Password Connect servers.
> The one in the :px-env:`roundtable-dev <roundtable-dev>` environment serves the vaults for development environments, and one in the :px-env:`roundtable-prod <roundtable-prod>` environment serves the vaults for production environemnts.
> However, these instructions may be helpful for other Phalanx users who want to st up an independent 1Password Connect server, or if we need to add a new server for some reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to set up a new 1Password Connect server to push secrets from 1Password to Vault for one or more Phalanx environments.

SQuaRE-run Phalanx environments already have 1Password Connect servers set up.
The one in the :px-env:`roundtable-dev <roundtable-dev>` environment serves the vaults for development environments, and one in the :px-env:`roundtable-prod <roundtable-prod>` environment serves the vaults for production environments.
```

Create the workflow
===================

In the following steps, you will create a 1Password Secrets Automation workflow for the 1Password vault for your environment, and save the necessary secrets to another 1Password vault.

#. Log on to the 1Password UI via a web browser.

#. Click on :menuselection:`Integrations` in the right sidebar under **LSST IT**.

#. Click on the :guilabel:`Directory` tab at the top of the screen.

#. Under :guilabel:`Infrastructure Secrets Management` click on :guilabel:`Other`.

#. Click on :guilabel:`Create a Connect server`.

#. Under :guilabel:`Environment Name`, enter :samp:`RSP {environment}` where *environment* is the Phalanx environment in which this 1Password Connect server will be running (**not** the vaults that it will serve).
   Then, click :guilabel:`Choose Vaults` and select the vaults that should be accessible through this 1Password Connect server.
   Click :guilabel:`Add Enviroment` to continue.

#. Next, 1Password wants you to create an access token for at least one environment.
   This is the token that will be used by the Phalanx command-line tool to access secrets for that environment.

>    It will have access to one and only one vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It will have access to one and only one 1Password vault.
```

maybe we can always qualify "vault" as being a "1Password vault" to avoid confusion.

   Then, next to the access token, click the clipboard icon to copy that token to the clipboard.

#. Click :guilabel:`View Details` to continue.
   Go back to home by clicking on the icon on the upper left.

#. Go to the SQuaRE vault, find the item ``RSP 1Password tokens``, and edit it.
   Add the token to that item as another key/value pair, where the key is the short name of the enviroment.
   Mark the value as a password.

#. Confirm that the new ``1Password Connect credentials`` item created two steps previous exists.
   You will need this when creating the 1Password Connect server.
   You can download it to your local system now if you wish.

Create the Phalanx configuration
================================

In the following steps, you'll deploy the new 1Password Connect server.

#. Download the file in the :samp:`1Password Connect credentials ({environment})` item in the SQuaRE vault.
   It will be named :file:`1password-credentials.json`.

#. Encode the contents of that file in base64.

>    .. prompt:: bash
> 
>       base64 -w0 < 1password-credentials.json; echo ''

Reviewer: The macOS base64 turns out to work a bit different.

```suggestion
   .. tab-set::
   
      .. tab-item:: Linux

         .. prompt:: bash

            base64 -w0 < 1password-credentials.json; echo ''

      .. tab-item:: macOS

         .. prompt:: bash

            base64 -i 1password-credentials.json; echo ''
```
